1. offshore scredule is 14 days on, 21 days off. office schedule is weekdays 8am - 5pm with high commute time (3h/day). when i am allocated to the planning team, i work office hours. during offshore work, i have no time, no enegy and no internet connection for side projects. it is work > sleep > work. days off are pretty free. during office work, i take some work side projects and manage them between assinged jobs. my main job is not programming and no one expects me to do it. for free projects, i mostly work in 1-2 hour intervals. sometimes i dedicate a weekend day in a burst.
2. depends on the stakes. i will always sandbox and test before real risks. i actually have a "tier list" of project specs with 4 levels deppending on how safe and maintainable it has to be. this is better elaborated in another document. i classify in: jerryrig, proof of concept (POC), script and application.
3. assumptions are right. maintenance tolerance is specified by project tier. see answer to question 2.
4. 
- Is your goal usually learning or solving?: deppends. ask
- Should the AI explain software concepts using mechanical/hydraulic analogies?: i usually understand software concepts just fine. i have a hard time to pick up specific technolocy names due to the sheer number of them. understanding concepts is easy. remembering names is hard.
- What response shape do you prefer?: terse, objective answers. keep it simple when possible. elaborate where it makes sense. i usually state "keep verbosity to a minimum" as first interaction with a new ia chat. this usually sets the tone just right. i prefer no code until problem is fully understood by both parties (me and ia) and then full code upon request.
5. i'm brazilian. native language is portuguese. i also speak inglesh fluently.
standard language for projects is english. ai tends to perform better and use less tokens this way.
you might find documents in portuguese mixed with other english ones when i'm feeling lazy, but ai should always default to english unless stated otherwise.
6. i'm still improving this part. i usually use md files in the project folder, but this is because i'm still developing my system. no hard standards. i'm evolving. i find it hard to document everything i need.
7. visual studio code (might change to code oss later), linux novice. can use it day-to-day, but frequently need to research and ask for help doing more advanced stuff. memorizin commands is hard. understanding concepts is easy. i come corm a mechanical background. learned programming and electronics by hobby. i've never designed a pcb, but am not afraid to do so if i need. i know cad very well. i'm advanced level in 3d printing in gerenal (i've build one from scratch and is very capable). i know very little about networking. consider myself intermediate/advanced in finances and trading.
8. I avoid unnecessary cloud dependence and tools with excessive telemetry, even for personal stuff. this is more because this kind of tools are annoying. they optimize for their profit, not for your problem. A company can have my data if it's properly handled and provides value. but i hate constant pop ups and features locked behind a constatn connection necessity. privacy is a concern, but is not the biggest of them.
9. 
- Any competing life obligations that constrain time/money?: yes, mainly family, study, work, girlfriend. they all require attention and time. they are all very important to me.
- Do any personal projects have an income angle?: not yet, but i'd love to explore this route if things turn out this way.